# talks-nipreps

Talk about the NiPreps project


### Single Tak in its Own Repo (STOR)

This repository is built around the "Single talk in its Own Repo" (STOR) model.  Many researchers will give the same talk repeatedly over time, making changes with each talk.  The STOR model maintains a single repository for that talk, with the main branch representing the current version of the talk.  

The version name of the current talk is set within the Makefile, e.g.:

`VERSION = "NiPreps_BRAIN_Nov2022"`

This name is used to generate the PDF file, which is stored in `docs/pdfs` and is meant as the archival version of the talk.  The current talk is rendered in `docs/talk/talk.html` and is not stored for archival purposes (i.e. it is overwritten on each push).  

*TBD*: it would be useful to label the latest git commit for each talk version on the site, so that it would be easy to get back to it if one wanted to easily be able to re-render the HTML version (which seems like an unlikely use case).


### Organization

```
.
├── LICENSE.md              - license for repo (MIT)
├── Makefile                - Makefile to generate site
├── README.md
├── docs                    - Base for web site, automatically generated by Quarto
│   └── ...
├── site                    - Source files for web site
│   ├── _quarto.yml         - Config file for web site
│   ├── index.qmd           - Main qmd file for web site
│   └── styles.css          - CSS for web site
├── source                  - Home for source files
│   ├── README.md
│   └── ...
└── talk                    - Source files for talk
    ├── _quarto.yml         - Config file for talk
    ├── images              - Images to be included in talk
    │   └── ...
    ├── rp-theme.scss       - Slide theme (including CSS)
    └── talk.qmd            - Main source file for talk
```

### Usage

To build the entire project, including the talk (in both HTML and PDF formats) and the web site, use this command:

`make all`

The separate components can be built using the individual make commands in the Makefile.

Note that these commands will automatically push the content to Github; thus, you must have push access to the relevant repository.  This is designed for a single-user context; when multiple users are working on a project, it would be better to disable the git commands within Makefile and work in separate branches using [Github flow](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/github-flow).

